and called us from California the night
before she died
it was a very strange call it was very
high it was very excited something was
up but we didn't know what it was she
was very enthusiastic she seemed to want
to say that her visit would be a sort of
a reunion because we hadn't seen her for
many months and it would be a perfect
time to catch up on gossip etc and you
know the phone ended that way
this is that we were talking about the
weather and just personal ambitions
things we always talked about in that
that ended it and of course the next
morning at breakfast it's everybody in
the country must've heard by then was
the news on the radio that Marilyn Rover
committed suicide
or Marilyn Monroe alive at the window
we who spread the rainbow under glass
and weigh the most elusive sky and air
of that client I come to track your
heart but I'm baffled by those loose
strands of hair
you stand finger at your lips lost and a
long abandoned heaven no one within the
angels gone and all the hearts undone
what legend draws you there Oh hurry
down surely your homes with us and not
the gods below your window as you watch
a river barge goes by someone waves you
laugh and throw a kiss catch you're not
to be rescued holy in this world it must
be so as many who are saved that many
drown I see you clinging to room two
phones for God to be loved